Add Curated Module v2 guide to /run-on-lido (#881)
lidofinance/docs: run-on-lido/curated-module/useful-tools/cm-prover-tool.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# 🔧 CM Prover Tool

> The [CSM prover tool](https://github.com/lidofinance/csm-prover-tool/tree/csm-next) is a daemon for the Curated Module and CSM-like modules. It listens to the Consensus Layer and Execution Layer and reports module events such as withdrawals, slashings, consolidations, and balance-related changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [CSM prover tool](https://github.com/lidofinance/csm-prover-tool) is a daemon application for the Curated Module v2 and CSM-like modules. It listens to the Consensus Layer and Execution Layer and reports module events such as withdrawals, slashings, consolidations, and balance-related changes.
```

> Lido contributors are running an instance of the prover-tool that serves all CMv2 Node Operators. However, Node Operators can run their own instance of the prover-tool, which will serve their Node Operator IDs exclusively, ensuring that all critical information is delivered to CMv2 contracts in a timely manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lido contributors are running an instance of the prover-tool that serves all CMv2 Node Operators. However, Node Operators can run their own instance of the prover-tool, which will serve their Node Operator IDs exclusively, ensuring that all critical information is delivered to CMv2 contracts in a timely manner. Please refer to the README file in the repo for the configuration details.
```
